[DEVCOMMS-470] Feature/Emails API update (#1512)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/plugins/woocommerce/integration.en.md

> Before configuring Pix as a payment method, we recommend [downloading the latest version](https://br.wordpress.org/plugins/woocommerce-mercadopago/#description) of the Mercado Pago plugin for WooCommerce and [registering your Pix key](https://www.mercadopago.com.br/stop/pix?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.mercadopago.com.br%2Fadmin-pix-keys%2Fmy-keys&authentication_mode=required) in Mercado Pago.
------------

## Configure notification email

> Having selected the **Checkout Transparente** to receive payments from your store, it is important to configure the sending of emails that will notify the user of their transactions. See below how to customize the sending of the **transactional email** in the WooCommerce management panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Having selected **Checkout API** to receive payments from your store, it is important to configure the email notifications that will notify the user of their transactions. See below how to customize  **transactional email** notifications in the WooCommerce management panel.
```

1. Access the WordPress **Panel**.
2. In the left side column, click **WooCommerce > Settings**.

> 3. In **E-mails**, enable the sending to be configured by selecting the option ˜activate this notification e-mail".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In **E-mails**, enable the notifications to be configured by selecting the option ˜activate this notification e-mail".
```

4. Customize the email template with: recipients, email subject and header.
5. Enter the **content** to be sent and select the e-mail type.
6. Also indicate the sender's name and email address, as well as your store's logo and colors.

> 7. Once the necessary settings have been made, install and configure a **SMTP server** of your choice to enable the sending of e-mails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Once the necessary settings have been made, install and configure a **SMTP server** of your choice to enable e-mail notifications.
```
